The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Vito fight fights on fights on here we go.
Oh. Oh, you're crazy. Don't think Vito taking all the yai AAI, by the way, AAI.
A, you could take whatever you want because Amazonian Amazonian,
hers were really, that's one of the interesting things.
When you look at other organizations outside of the UFC, that's tested by,
you saw as soon as you see someone who, you know,
for sure used to do testosterone, but then wasn't allowed to,
you see a subsequent performance dip and then you see them reengage after
they leave the organization. It's fantastic. It doesn't take,
inspect your Kau to your figure out that way. No, you don't. It doesn't,
you don't have to call in Colombo.
<Laugh> and you know what, you know, what's weird, you know,
what's weird about having no audience there. It reminds me of when I used to,
uh, DJ had strip clubs on Saturday afternoons and they'd be nobody there,
the same thing. It was the.
Same thing. And what I did.
What I did, I swear to God, I would take,
I would have like a sampler in the DJ booth where I could I sampled kiss alive.
Like just the audience. So I, I got tired of.
Massive.
Men's just cracked him over rooms in big trouble. Oh. Only dinged.
Them again. The biggest trouble it's over. Not yet. It's.
Over. It's back. Oh, he's getting still alive.
Get out. Bri had.
A chance. My goodness. This is crazy. We want Wal.
Hairs to win. Oh, you really, you really want Wal to.
Win. Let be real. Oh my God. He's dropping bombs.
He he's been with his daughter. Look at that.
OVS are my favorite fighters. He's still in the mix scramble. He's the mix.
He's surviving. Wow. Holy. They could have stopped that. That's crazy.
They could've stopped. his lip by. all that work.
His head up again. He his. I think it might be his nose, man.
I think it might be his nose. Oh my goodness.
You're a massive power.
He's gonna get a refund. Look at how.
Big and tall. Oh.
Hey. Remember the Uber knees? Yes. Remember we did the food.
Try to joke him out. Look at this. Oh no over.
Can grapple now. Oh, can grapple? Yes.
He's one of the best yellow teams in the business.
He won the European Abu Dhabi so much.
Time. Left's eternity left and
He's gonna Mount.
Tired. He submitted VTO with a guillo team. You.
Remember that? Oh. Yeah. He's got a real good.
Remember when he got.
A no, he's got like a high standing guillo team,
like over one of the best. Yeah. He'll finish you. Yeah. That's a right there.
It's.
Nasty. And we'll on top of Walt, right? It is no.
Lot of time, dude. That's a lot of.
Time. And over him has been in trouble so many times and come through, you know,
he's a guy who's been through wars. He's been he's people. I mean,
you wanna talk about a guy who's been through the trenches. We talk.
About every time we get together, when.
Wolverine fought Brock,
Leer might have been the scariest heavy of all time of all time of all time of
all time. I was fine. That time I peak.
Was he still eating horseman at the time?
Yes. The horse meat. He was all the horse meat. But my, my belief is,
if you go deep into the history, you're gonna go into horse meat. Okay.
But if you look at all the results of horse meat, that one guy who fought,
Lesner fantastic with, with,
with some sort of blind deaf guy who was doing the drug test.
<laugh> some dude who couldn't read, like how the?
What of tests do you have.
In 2000? In one I in Amsterdam.
Like, what's your test based on I.
Out ring. Do you remember his brother? Valentine? Hore submitted.
Randy? Yes.
Yes. Remember Valentine? Yeah. He was trouble in the street.
I hung out with them in Amsterdam back in 2001.
Oh yeah. Great time, dude. He wanted to fight. Everybody was, it was the glory.
Team's brother Valentine. Oh wait.
Listen. You need to hear the story. Yeah, please. Golden glory.
Crazy story.
Golden glory. That's right with the, do they invited.
Me because they had a show that a show called too hot to handle golden glory,
hosted this big MMA show with a terrible.
So I met them in pride when I worked for pride. Ouch. Oh.
I'll tell you the story later. No, no.
I'm listening. We gotta watch.
One story. We definitely wanna hear, we gotta watch. This.
Is gonna go to the second round. Keep going this.
Watch the fight. This might not go to the second round. Oh it, well, there's.
30 Seconds. Left fell. Wallace.
Took big deep breaths, big, deep breaths and OV HIMS moving to Mount. Uh,
he just looked at the clock. Mount's fine, dude. He could stop him right here.
This is possible. Ovums been around forever son, but it's 20.
Seconds. Its.
1990.
He could still stop him. Here's very possible right.
Here. I dunno. Why's it's too.
Dude. happened. Look at the, look at that body. Come on, man. Dude.
I'm telling you he's nasty. He's some of the
Nale come on, Wal. Those are big knees, man.
His knees are the best in the heavyweight division. The best, the best,
the best.
Him and doom.
Have great knees. K Mark Hunt, KD, but basically K broccoli. Well, you know,
Brocker combination. It kicks to the body. The kick knows the body is what did.
It knew. He had a weak body.
You also always, I don't wanna make excuses for anybody,
but you always have to take any consideration that I was a guy who had just had
dive diverticulitis surgery and had something like 12 to 14 inches of his
colon removed and over intestines. Right? Yeah. And over.
Oh your intestines removed, check this out. He do that's.
Right in the gut. And.
You see, you see Leslie girl like this and that's when he finished him. Yeah.
He had so I, I, I believe it was like somewhere around go Google,
find out how much Brock Lesner had removed from his intestine.
He had a really serious disease and they think he had it for a long time. Man.
Brock was.
So good. Yeah. And people didn't realize how good he was.
He got catapulted in the stardom man. He didn't have much experience.
Beat knocked out. Randy couture, beat Shane Carwin. Yeah.
Knocked out. Randy. Kotor Shane.
Carwin submitted him. Yes. After taking a beating. How about the Frank mirror?
Rematch.
Go.
You see the power. I don't, if you saw that transition, but that transition,
they just replayed uh, uh,
a Walt came at him with a front kick and over him just pushed him and just
threw my level, my superhero to the side. Did you see that?
There's like some serious power going on here.
It's interesting because like who would wat Harris be? If they let him juice,
you know this I'm and I'm not saying these guys juice, I'm just joking around.
When I say that, let him juice, but also let them juice,
but also let them juice. But, but the thing is when I,
when I'm just as a curious person, I'm like,
what would happen if you gave him all the chemicals that we know that make your
body perform better? Because.
Remember what was gonna want to go to the NBA?
What was a serious basketball player? Really? His footwork's ridiculous. Wow.
Well these guys, when,
when you take these guys that have experience high level experience in, uh,
major league sports where the competition is fierce from childhood on,
you know, these guys, they develop a, a,
they have a different kind of work ethic. You know,
that's why Hersha Walker was ever able to fight MMA. When is it?
His late forties? True nuts. Different kinda work ethic, man.
But it doesn't always work. Cuz remember Johnny Morton was like,
oh I wanna try that cut. And he was knocked out too well forever.
What happened with Johnny Morton? What happened with Johnny Morton was the,
the worst, the worst case scenario. Oh Jesus Christ.
A fighting MMA is getting knocked down,
put on a stretcher and taking out that's the worst race on decide.
He's like Johnny Mor. Why receiv aour he goes, let's do it.
Let's avoid worst case scenario. Worst, worst case scenario.
He got the Coliseum in LA. He gets taken out of a stretcher. Oh, show.
My over.
He's not gonna stop though. Oh my.
Goodness. Did you see that? He got, oh, that was crazy. Oh goodness.
That was crazy. So guys, the, the story is, uh,
Brock Lester had a foot of his colon removed. Lucky to be alive.
Incredibly lucky to be alive. Yeah. And then he fought over him after that,
when Wolverine was on all of Mexico. Oh dude. Every.
Bit of Mexico, the entire Sonoma cartel was in his vein. <laugh> he.
Had the.
Can I don't can you that Johnny Morton knocked out, John.
Hey, Hey, uh, Eddie, what do you do here? When you're in this situation?
Who did Johnny Morton fight up? He fought someone legit. Yeah. Those problems.
It was in K one. You was spreaded wasn't in K. It was here. It was in K one.
Who were you talking about?
I, there.
Was, was him. Eddie went with me, Eddie. Eddie. Do you remember this? We,
this was the, the day that, uh, Brock legend made his debut.
You and I were there and I sat next to crazy horse. I, me and Charles Ben.
Got drunk and hid together. Wow. What a great night. That was that.
Did you say? Uh Hoak Robert too. Did.
You mention that? No. No. That was on the car though. You forget about.
That. This was on show.
Fight. You're stop. Stop this fight. He stop it up.
It's over. It's over. There's no way he's gonna survive that. Yeah.
He's just gonna keep beating him unless he submits him.
You can't stop it over this. Who's the who the, you can, if he,
if he picks up there's tempo, Martin just got knocked out.
If he picks up the tempo, he could, he could stop it.
Morgan got knocked up by stop them right there. Stopped it. Ah. Listen, man.
You, you just, you make the,
the educated decision that a guy's in a position that he's not gonna be able to
improve. Are you aware of that by a decision poor Walt Harris.
It's a good decision. Cause that fight it's tough because he like over,
you wanna give him a chance, but the reality is can't defend.
Can't defend that spot. He's kind of made there. You know what?
That, that whole,
the whole debate about whether or not it's a good idea to stop a fight.
It's real tricky, man. You know,
Dominic Cruz said to the referee before the fight, he said,
don't stop it unless I'm dead. Especially in a championship fight.
Don't stop late on dude. Well move, watch this move. But the guy is,
he didn't know what's gonna happen. Oh my God. Amazing.
That was a great combo over him, over him. He still,
he's still one of the best man.
Watch his he's the greatest heavyweight striker of all time in new hands. Boom.
And then watched his body shot. Watch his body shot. Boom.
That's why it's so terrifying that Francis sent him to the dark lens.
What's probably the best I, out of all time,
that uppercut who's be Francis the howling in between the world that's happened,
John, John Jones. Right. That was like, you know it's gonna happen, right? No,
I don't know, man. They're just talking right now happens. We gotta go find,
and that that's right. That was like, when, uh,
when Billbo Bains puts on the ring, you,
he goes to the dimension in the Hobbit dude, you know, I'm talking about yeah,
that's what it was like. That was one of the worst knockouts I've ever seen.
And remember the swinging it's like go yeah, you see.